The goal of this career is to simulate, fairly accurately (within the limitations
of Kerbal Space Program) how real space missions are "flown", which is to say that
uncrewed missions are fully programmed and "flown" by mission controllers on
the ground via computer programs, and crewed missions are highly automated for
some aspects of the flight, while giving astronauts the ability to override
the computer and fly their craft (within limits) as needed.

The kOS addon for KSP allows for a high degree of simulation, and along with a
slew of other addons, can create an interesting play style that simulates this
kind of "Mission Control". This repository is where the scripts for this
career playthrough of KSP will reside.

There are many types of missions and playstyles with KSP given its sandbox
design. Here are the rules this playthrough will follow:

1. Missions will be flown by rockets, or by SSTO aircraft.
  KSP is a fun game when you design, build (and in this case - script) missions.
  It frankly doesn't work well as a "flight" simulator - at least, not until
  enough technology is unlocked to allow the construction of SSTO craft. We'll
  stick to what KSP does well - rocketry - until that part of the tech tree
  is available.

2. Addons will be used extensively.
  See addon.list.txt for a list of addons used in this playthrough. When
  selecting addons to use, I focused on those that met the overall theme of
  exploration of the Kerbol system in a way NASA might do so - uncrewed
  exploration of the system, and crewed missions that gradually move out
  of low Kerbin orbit and out to the planets, moons, and asteroids.

3. Kerbal pilots will be able to fly their craft.
  Kevin Gisi has a WONDERFUL playthrough of KSP using kOS (TODO: add link) which
  serves as inspiration for this series. His goal is to have the Kerbals do
  essentially nothing for any of his missions - they're 100% scripted (as much
  as possible). We're not going to be that trusting of the computers. :)

4. TODO: add list of options for the career save

5. TODO: add craft construction rules(?)

6. TODO: add script construction rules (?)
